docs: session replay depends on product analytics (#11349)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/session-replay/cutting-costs.mdx

1. [Disable automatic recording and programmatically start and stop recordings](/docs/session-replay/how-to-control-which-sessions-you-record#programmatically-start-and-stop-recordings)
2. [Set a feature flag](/docs/session-replay/how-to-control-which-sessions-you-record#with-feature-flags) with the conditions that define which users or sessions you want to record.
3. Set a [minimum recording duration](/docs/session-replay/how-to-control-which-sessions-you-record#minimum-duration).
4. Set a [sampling rate](/docs/session-replay/how-to-control-which-sessions-you-record#sampling) for recordings.

> 5. [Limit your product analytics usage to `identify()` calls and `$pageview` events](docs/session-replay/troubleshooting#unable-to-filter-by-user-or-page-properties) to reduce the costs while maintaining useful filtering options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. [Make sure you capture at least one event per session](docs/session-replay/troubleshooting#unable-to-filter-by-user-or-page-properties) to reduce the costs while maintaining all filtering options.
```
